How Computers Work?
First we need to know what does make a computer a computer? Its simply a thinking machine able to do a four imopratant tasks such are : taking inputs then storing information then process it and then output the reasults, and these four tasks are common to all computers.
The computer industry had a huge development starting with a computers calculators would take hours just to solve a simple math problem into a computers using in communication, palying games,virtual reality, controling robots and so on.
How Computer Works From The Inside?
Computers from the inside works on a binary number system(Ones & Zeros), we dont have to deal with them.
The computers uses the binary number system to store information using electricity with a concept of wires that when a flow of electricity goes through it the signal will be (on or off) and it is called a BIT which store a small piece of information, so with more wires the more information would be stored, also texts, images, videos can be stored by representing as numbers using the binary system.
In order to process the information that comes in the computers need to combine and modify the input signals and to do that the computer need circuits inside it cotaining millions of componants comes together.
There are many simple cicuits that performs simple logic calculations but when conecting these simple circuits together we can have a more complex circuit to perform more complex caculations, and the electricity moves just about the speed of light.
The input devices can be keyboards, mouses, cameras, microphoneand so on then takes the input and convert it into a binary information, then send it to the CPU where the whole processing and calculation are made and then send it to the output devices (lets say screen on this example) to convert the binary informatin into a tiny colors and lights that make up what you see.
